 Business Travel Consultant

Posted today by Travel Trade Recruitment Limited
Remote job

Location:
    Dartford, Kent
Salary/Rate:
    £30,000 - £34,000/annum



Are you an experience Business Travel Consultant? Do you have experience using Amadeus?

Are you looking for a local Southeast London / Kent based position? Look no further!

An independent TMC based in Kent / Southeast London are looking to build their team and bring in an experienced Business Travel Consultants.

Main Purpose of the Role:

To provide effective customer service to ensure the needs of clients are consistently met and often exceeded.

Ensure the consistent provision of the highest level of professional service and personal attention to all corporate accounts.

Key Accountabilities:

    Liaise and cooperate with clients to determine their needs and advise them appropriate destination, modes of transportations, travel dates, costs and accommodation.
    Ensure that all clients have the best travel services available so that they get the best value for money.
    Ensure that the company achieves the necessary SLAs, delivering exceptional resolve to customer enquiries, meeting delivery times and inter-department service levels.
    Provide expert information and advice to all clients and assist them in making the most budget effective plans.
    Deal with occurring travel problems, complaints or refunds.
    Be responsible for and have an overall awareness of accounts and how they are trading, raising any concerns with the Team Leaders and also have a close working relationship with Account Managers
    Continually review processes and identify ways in which aspects of the service experience could be enhanced.
    Encourage profit awareness and achievement of financial targets.

Skills & Experience?

    3-4 years' experience within Corporate Travel
    Working knowledge of a GDS (Amadeus)
    Experience of using CRM systems
    First class customer service skills
    Accuracy and attention to detail
    Excellent communication skills both verbal and written

Package?

A competitive salary of Circa £30,000.

Office (hybrid working)

Interested?

Please click APPLY or contact (url removed)
