 Orthopaedic Nurse

Posted 2 days ago by Ramsay Health Care Clinical

Location:
    Birmingham, England

Job Description
Operating Department Practitioner - Scrub

The Westbourne Centre, Birmingham

Full-Time (37.5 hours per week)

The role

At Ramsay Health Care UK, we know our people are our most important asset. Join our Theatre department as a Scrub ODP / Scrub Nurse and support on our journey of ‘people caring for people’. You’ll have the best facilities – many of our theatres have laminar airflow systems and state of the art integrated theatre technology.

You’ll also have access to the Ramsay Academy, with potential to gain your SFA, and the chance to develop your career across our 30+ network of independent hospitals across the UK. Like us, you have a can do attitude, and you’re committed to delivering the highest quality clinical outcomes in a supported environment, where you will be valued for your skills and expertise. 


Where you’ll be based

The Westbourne Centre is a private day surgery facility in the heart of the Edgbaston Medical Quarter in Birmingham. The Centre brings together a diverse group of clinical specialists enabling the highest quality procedures, treatments and patient experience for private, insured and NHS patients. The Centre prides itself on continually developing and pioneering new techniques for modern healthcare provision, including the innovative use of local anaesthesia with sedation for all our surgical procedures. The Centre is one of the UK’s largest independent clinics established in 2009 as part of a joint venture between the Cosmetic Surgery Partnership and the global hospital company, Ramsay Healthcare.


What you’ll bring with you

    HCPC registration with no restrictions or conditions

    Surgical scrub experience within orthopaedics including but not limited to hip arthroplasty, knee arthroplasty and anterior cruciate ligaments

    Surgical First Assist Qualification (SFA) would be desirable, but not essential

    Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment as well as independently

    Flexible and positive attitude

    A warm, considerate and empathetic character

Benefits  

    25 Days Leave + Bank Holidays

    Buy & Sell Flexi Leave Options

    Private Pension where Ramsay will match up to 5% after a qualifying period

    Flexible shift patterns available where possible

    Enhanced Competitive Parental Leave Policies

    Private Medical Cover with option to add partner & dependants

    Life Assurance (Death in Service) x3 base salary

    Free Training and Development via the Ramsay Academy

    Free Parking on site

    Subsidised staff restaurant

    Concerts for Carers

    Employee Assistance Programme

    Cycle2Work scheme available, in partnership with Halfords

    The Blue Light Card Scheme

About us 

We’re Ramsay Health Care UK. With 35 hospitals, 7,600 staff and 200,000 patients treated every year, we’re one of the leading independent healthcare providers in England. We deliver a wide and comprehensive range of specialised clinical services from routine to complex surgery, day case procedures, cancer care, diagnostic services and physiotherapy. In addition, we also have our three standalone decontamination units which are essential to supporting our clinical outcomes. 94% of our facilities are rated ‘Good’ by the CQC, and we are extremely proud of the high quality of our staff as well as excellent relationships with doctors and our strong, longstanding partnership with the NHS.

We’re part of a global hospital group with over 50 years’ experience that operates in 11 countries across the world. As people caring for people, our ethos helps make a huge difference in the lives of millions. We know that our people are our most important asset to our organisation, and are the key to our success and continuing growth.

To apply

Please contact Nadine Hopson on (email address removed) for an informal chat, or to ask any questions you may have before you apply. Or you can apply directly via (url removed)/careers 

We are committed to equality of opportunity for all. This position is subject to an Enhanced DBS check. We reserve the right to close our adverts prior to the announced closing date to ensure a quality recruitment process.

We care.
 

It’s more than what we do, it’s who we are. Everything we do is about striving to deliver the best care. And it's a belief that's as true today as it was when we welcomed our first patients in 1964.
 

“The Ramsay Way” culture recognises that our people are our most important asset and this has been key to our ongoing success.

We are proud to support the UK’s Armed Forces and Reservists and have already achieved the Silver Award as part of the MOD’s Armed Forces Covenant Employer Recognition Scheme. The scheme recognises employers who actively support Defence while encouraging other organisations to adopt the same behaviours in their workplace. As a company we are committed to supporting the wider Armed Forces community and this includes our staff as well as our patients.

We are committed to equality of opportunity for all. This position is subject to background and DBS checks. 