 Property Sales Consultants - High Income

Posted 5 hours ago by Success Moves

Location:
    E14, Canary Wharf, Greater London



Property Sales Consultants - High Income- (3 positions)
My client is looking for three Property Sales Consultant- High Income that are experienced in closing deals on the telephone. You may have had your closing experience from any sector, preferably over the telephone. Investors are ‘closed’ via the telephone. Investment is a very fast-moving competitive industry paying very high commissions and with a basic salary. It suits those looking to work very hard and save a capital sum. Knowledge of any aspect of real estate investment is an advantage but not essential.


The lowest performers in the company earn £5000 to £6000 per month and the highest are over £30,000 per month. We are looking for people to earn well in excess of six figures. Sales Commission is up to 10% of every deal with typical investments ranging from £5-£50,000 but many significantly higher than this. You should make 10 trades a month as a sales target. Make no mistake this is a culture of making money now. If you judge a sales job by the size of the basic this is not for you.

Successful Property Sales Consultant - High Income are defined as those taking home over £20,000 per month. Making one more sales call to close the next deal is what it is all about.
The company offers a portfolio of alternative real estate investments, in various countries. These are currently in markets that are growing fast and secure. Investors dream! Thus there is a great deal of interest in investing in them.
The company is well established with 30 brokers in City offices, the operation is also well financed by outside investors.

We are looking to build a team of elite individuals for what is probably the most liveliest, dynamic, fast paced, highest earning, and exciting sales environment in the real estate sector. Applicants for Property Sales Consultant- High Income must be proactive, confident, assertive, enthusiastic, determined, persuasive, positive and financially motivated.

We need several people for our fast growing business. We will train you on investments generally and on real estate alternative investments but you must bring experience and/or the skills of closing deals on the telephone.

You will have crystal clear English, spoken in a fast paced upbeat way. In the job make no mistake you will be making call after call after call to people looking to make substantial investments. They want to be impressed, excited and enthused by a professional. Although you will make some fresh calls your focus will be on closing deals to investors that have already indicated an interest now that the city offers. Real estate is seen at the moment as a hedge against inflation.

You will probably be on your second move early on in your career, looking for an opportunity to develop your closing skill. Or returning from abroad having worked the real estate investment market. The current team are professional with a corporate city dress code.


Normal office hours are 11:00 to 7pm Monday Thursday finish 4pm Fridays. My name is Alex McMillan, apply with CV to me to be a Property Sales Consultant- High Income with my client.
