

Closing date: 09-01-2025
Funeral Service Crew £24,180 (£12.40 per hour) plus benefits  Full time 37.5 hours per week, Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:30pm - as part of this role, you’ll also be part of the on call rota to cover occasional evenings and weekends Gravesend, DA12 2PG
  No experience needed. You can apply for this job on your mobile in a few simple steps – no CV required. 
  You’ll need a full manual UK driver’s licence for this job.
  Help families say the perfect goodbye to loved ones as part of our funeral service crew.
  No experience? No problem. We provide full training and ongoing support, plus access to a wide range of benefits including competitive salary, an excellent pension scheme, and discounts on a range of Co-op products and services. 
  At the Co-op, you’ll be part of something meaningful. Join us today.
  What you’ll do
  • collect the deceased from a range of locations and scenarios in a professional and empathetic manner   • bear coffins and drive funeral vehicles • maintain the cleanliness of equipment and facilities, including vehicles   • prepare coffins and engrave name plates  • prepare the deceased in our care for viewings and the funeral     This role would suit people who have
  • a full UK manual driving licence   • a sensitive approach to customer service with good attention to detail • the ability to react calmly and compassionately in emotional circumstances   • the ability to perform the physical aspects of the role (manual lifting) 
  Why Co-op? 
  You’ll get a fantastic benefits package including: 
  • 30% off Co-op branded products in our food stores all year-round  • 10% off other brands in our food stores all year-round (doubles to 20% on the Friday and Saturday after payday)  • discounts on other Co-op products and services  • 23 days holidays (pro rata, rising with service)   • a pension with up to 10% employer contributions  • access to our Employee Assistance Programme which offers confidential advice and support on anything you’re struggling with, 24 hours a day • access to virtual GP and free eye tests • endless career development opportunities including apprenticeships • friendly, supportive team and the knowledge that you make a huge difference to your community • access to Wagestream - a money management app that gives you access to a percentage of your pay as you earn it 
  At Co-op, we’re proud to do things a different way. As one of the world’s largest co-operatives, owned by millions of members, community is at the heart of what we do. Since our Co-op was founded in 1844, we’ve had a clear social purpose, and everything we do as a business helps to build a fairer world for our members, customers, colleagues, and communities
  Building an inclusive work environment 
  We’re actively building diverse teams and we welcome applications from everyone. We want to build inclusive work environments, where our colleagues have equal opportunities to reach their full potential. We celebrate our differences, and recognise the importance of our teams reflecting the communities they serve.  
  If you have a disability, we can make reasonable adjustments to our recruitment process according to your needs. We're also part of the Disability Confident scheme, meaning we'll always offer an interview to disabled candidates who apply through the scheme if they meet the minimum criteria for a job. 
  We'll ask whether you’d like to be considered under the Disability Confident scheme when you apply.  
  If we invite you to take part in the recruitment process for any of our jobs, we’ll ask you if you need any reasonable adjustments to enable you to participate. 
  You can find out more about our recruitment process at (url removed)/apply-process.  
  You can find out more about the Disability Confident scheme and all our commitments to diversity and inclusion at (url removed)/diversity-inclusion-and-wellbeing. 
  As part of your application you’ll need to complete an online assessment. It will take you around 20 minutes to complete this test. 
  If you’re successful in your application, we’ll perform some background checks as part of our pre-employment screening process. These will include a DBS (disclosure and barring service) and adverse media checks, and an occupational health questionnaire (to ensure you are fit to perform the role). We’ll also check your social media activity on platforms like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  
  Any offer of employment made will be conditional upon the completion of pre-employment screening checks.   